thinking about stamina for scourge I
Rodina the line yeah like we're gonna
see who has the last laugh fuckers had
why do you have ice in a cup I was
trying to fuck it up that sounds again
oh my god I'm going to beat the fuck out
of your brains in the face seriously and
you want to get down and dirty you must
really want to die that's all i can
think of i kind of want to get down and
dirty on the dick down and dirty up the
eyes give you check points yeah hey I
check playing Bob the kids checkpoint
last night at the angers house abandon I
could I swipe my fuckin after I got done
having sex versus by my credit cards for
a bunch eek mm-hmm fuck is rob too and
that's where the beeping noise came from
Nova credit card didn't work credit card
rejected used to know by now the only
thing that's allowed to go in there your
penis she did tell me one doing Brandon
what I do me I'd Brandon do hey Brandon
nobody's got a gun to your head
Steve job makes let's see Joe make jokes
about a dead person don't kill yourself
Brendan stop we've got a split
personality you hear music I'm gonna
kill you don't make fun of a dead person
tom is like whistling exciting role oh
yeah i have a brand and tell me this is
really make you mad or what he plays
hard to get angry no for real though I'm
asking Burrell though I'm gonna hit you
in the face how you be really mad yes he
is fucking flaming right now your mom
did say mean you have to have a good
relationship we want this marriage you
don't even want to know what happened to
the last guy the chatham areas Wow yeah
fucking through driver vanden tell me
where he did i do now i feel bad because
I know how it feels Brandon fuck up here
my friend woody you know Brandon in a
house filled sometimes I feel like I'm
in a sandstorm to you don't know what
you just over shits hitting you in the
eye when you realize his Joe banging
it's funny cause it's true he's done
he's done I got my screwed
radium killa wish Joey recording this oh
god I hope she's just looking it finds
that one day uh-huh unbelievable on xbox
very you know very as much as you love
someone this is just as much hate okay
what should I hate you there's oh love
how that's all you want is ours in my
bed Homer there is hola from soccer
fight that's why you have asleep in my
bed how am I dude me enjoy your dad but
these can't fucking hate us why am I
getting involved thank you cousin once
you don't put your mic what there's a
love Daniel there's a love Joe I hate
you both Julian you are gay there's a
red mist think I can father's let go I'm
going to use this stuff funny Daniel
don't sell your arm is why I'm gonna get
a shy Shen one day fucking crazy I'll
kill that boy don't fuck with me
somebody give me money over work after
this funny kid said is it your real
bunny areas of a stuffed animal yeah you
fucking flamer funny because it's true
should I don't think if mom would
appreciate you talking to her something
like that he's gonna be my son too damn
you're gonna be one of us Bob quit will
start stop messaging people like a
fucking queer all right which why do you
not see me written what you say fuck i
doing friday recording us right now
because you talking but he obviously is
my god William please upload that video
is gonna be so fun with the candy we
keep going dude it's all out it's
already all out here's a knife tonight
what the fuck Brandon not too bad you
bad you can see the jelly on the plate
under it God drive making stuff out of
it I'd rather use windows live messenger
that you can actually send pictures and
files on there and view them before you
save them I'm sip my skype is probably
going to merge as windows live messenger
so it doesn't even matter I things that
my cat damn what I couldn't make feel so
he'll go bike skype out big bomb skype
out bike they bought a new bike my
friends are retarded Brandon I'll buy
you on bike and teach you how to write
it since I mean you dad shut the fuck up